Add items description to the DropDownBox article (#1797)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDropDownBox/1 Configuration/items.md

---
id: dxDropDownBox.Options.items
type: Array<Object>
---
---
##### shortDescription

> An array of items displayed by the UI component.

Reviewer: They are not actually displayed.

```suggestion
An array of items used to synchronize the DropDownBox with an embedded UI component.
```

---

> The **items** array defines the **DropDownBox**'s content. However, it does not ensure that the UI component will render the content. The **DropDownBox** uses embedded UI components to render its content. Use the **contentTemplate** to embed other UI components such as the **List** or the **TreeView**. In this case, the content is displayed in accordance with the configuration and functionality of the embedded UI component. The **items** array can contain objects with fields described in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **DropDownBox** uses other UI components to render the **items**. Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#contentTemplate) to embed a UI component such as the [List](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/) or the [TreeView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/). In this case, the **items** are displayed in accordance with the configuration and functionality of the embedded UI component.
```

> The **DropDownBox** uses other UI components to render the **items**. Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#contentTemplate) to embed a UI component such as the [List](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/) or the [TreeView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/). In this case, the **items** are displayed in accordance with the configuration and functionality of the embedded UI component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **DropDownBox** uses other UI components to render **items**. Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#contentTemplate) to embed a UI component such as the [List](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/) or the [TreeView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/). In this case, **items** are displayed in accordance with the configuration and functionality of the embedded UI component.
```

> If you need to update the UI component items, reassign the entire **items** array as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to update UI component items, reassign the **items** array as shown in the following example:
```

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between "the entire **items** array" and "the **items** array"?

    <!--JavaScript-->
    dropDownBoxInstance.option('items', newItems);

> As an alternative to **items**, you can use the [dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#dataSource') property. It accepts the [DataSource](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/') object, whose underlying [stores](/concepts/70%20Data%20Binding/5%20Data%20Layer/1%20Creating%20DataSource/3%20What%20Are%20Stores.md '/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores') provide an [API](/concepts/70%20Data%20Binding/5%20Data%20Layer/3%20Data%20Modification '/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Data_Modification') that allows you to update individual items without reassigning the entire item collection. 

Reviewer 2: - "As an alternative to **items**, you can use the [dataSource]" Here I would say 'You can use the [dataSource] instead of  **items**
- "object, whose underlying [stores]" Why do you use a comma here?
- "underlying [stores] provide an [API]" What do you mean when you say **provide**? Includes? 
- "an [API]" You do not need an article here

Author: 1) agreed, will edit the text
2) will remove the comma
3) **provide** is a common term used in reference to APIs. This [StackOverflow post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25178334/what-does-it-mean-to-provide-an-api#:~:text=To%20provide%20an%20API%20means,that%20is%20up%20to%20you) might clarify that for you. (this one is specific to Web API) 
4) Why shouldn't we use an article here?

Reviewer 2: 3. We've got a guideline regarding **provide**
4. This is how it is commonly used. There have also been discussions in our company about article usage and API. You are also referring to Application Programming Interface in general: not any API, not specific API, just API in general.

> [note] Do not use the **items** property if you use **dataSource**, and vice versa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[note] Do not use the **items** property if you use **dataSource** (and vice versa).
```
